Further CommentsTime to find parking depends heavily on what time of the day it is. That should be taken into account in this surveyThe worst parking situation is towards dickinson and newing. I work in c4 and if I'm going to campus after 9 then i get stuck parking in m lot, meaning I need to walk 15 minutes there and back.Not enough spotsNoI already bought a parking pass, so "free" parking is irrelevant to me.The parking incentive is not particularly incentivizing because it still requires regular commuters to purchase a parking pass. Just parking my car a little closer to class does not really matter to me. What matters most is how fast I can find a spot and how much money the pass is.The aforementioned parking incentive provides no incentive to me given it requires more time to stop at the booth and get a parking pass if I have already purchased campus parking.Im not interested in carpooling. I want more 24 hour parking spots closer to the main portion of campus.Sometimes I oversleep, and I don't want other people to be inconvenienced by it.please do not sell parking permits more than the parking spaces you have.Just add parking lots!!!Lost mu BU id and don't need it for anything other than this. So it's not worth spending 20$ onListed above will take too much timeBuild up instead of outSTOP TICKETING US PARKING SERVICES SUCKS THIS SCHOOL IS ALWAYS SCHEMING YOU HAVE ENOUGH MONEY STOP SCREWING US OVER F U I SHOULD NOT HAVE GOTTEN MULTIPLE TICKETS LOADING MY CAR MOVING OUT OF MY BUILDING DURING FINALS WEEK U ALL SUCKI wish I lived close enough to other students to make carpooling an optionJust to re-iterate, I am from Whitney Point- so not your usual customer..The parking lots for the most part are okay but then back upper lot and the front one could use some workGet more parking for dickinsonI don't like that the parking lots that are generally open are sometimes a 15+ minute walk.Parking is ridiculousBuild a parking garageI tried the carpool thing and the woman at the desk said they no longer do thatPut cameras in the lots!!!! A lot of hit and runsBuild another parking garage and allow right on red from the Bunn Hill Rd or build a slip road like at the main entrance.This survey was garbage. I do not want to carpool no matter what the incentives. I want more parking so that I can come and go as I please or go to the store in between classes and not have to worry about waiting for a spot for 20minParking services is one of the biggest scams the colleges force upon students, second only to textbooks. You people charge for permits for the right to park on campus but dont provide nearly enough spaces for the permits sold. Then you have the audacity to use other parking spaces as paid lots to steal more money from us. Then there's tickets. Fines double if not paid in two weeks? That is major BS. One last thing, make a goddamn parking structure to make more spots. In summary, you people are scam artists and should build a parking structure.The university needs more parkings spaces or another garage, not a carpooling system. This problem will only get worse as BU gets closer to 20000 students.NoOne of the biggest issues with taking the bus that me and my peers have expressed is the smell of horrid body odor comig frI have my housemates that I can carpool with. Main problem is kids on campus having carsIt seems obvious that there is not enough parking on campus, if I don't time it perfectly I can easily spend 15-20 minutes or more to find parking or even end up at Susquehanna and take the shuttle down which is very inconvenient.nonemake more parking lots/garages and dont make us pay additional for it because its bs when we already pay almost 150$The parking incentive described is stupid. No one does that and the benefit isn't even that good. It also wastese time to get the parking pass. DumbThats actually a great incentiveI am a BAT nursing student and have a unique schedule.Parking services is terrible. They oversell every lot andThere should be just two people in car to get incentivesWhy isn't there a parking garage on the rafuse lot it's the best place to put it. No one cares about the new alumni center and no one is going to complain about looking out there window to see a parking garage. I looked out my window to see a huge hole in the ground for a year and it was fine. Parking garage would make the most efficient amount of spaces especially if you want to keep adding students to the schoolmore buses at high volume hours would incentivize less driving more than easy access to carpoolingThere should be multiple levels to the parking lots i.e. more Peking garagesThe best way to avoid the parking crunch is to increase the parking spots available, trying to start a carpool with people you don't know will end up having people either stuck on campus or stuck waiting to drive someone else home which will end up with people leaving the carpool.make another parking lot please and thank you. the university keeps expanding in terms of academic buildings and dorms but fails to provide parkingAn observaion I've noted is that Tuesday is far and away the most difficult day to find parking. I'm generally happy as long as I can find a spot in the Susq. parking lot, but I would have to compete with between 30-40 other vehicles for spots on that particular day of the week.NoI know this incentive exists. However there are many people who get to campus at ridiculous times (6 AM) just to get parking. Those that have afternoon classes do not benefit from this even if they are car pooling.Just either expand the university for more parking space. Other campus don't need parking passes. Students here are paying more for something that should have been included in tuition.noThe downtown center parking is atrocious. I can never find a parking spot for my 1:40 class and If I want to get a spot I have to go an hour early. The other day I was trying to find a spot for 25 minutes (all the meter lots were full) and my class was starting in five minutes. I parked in a teachers spot because I had no other choice and received a parking ticket. Very unfair I pay a lot to park and attend this school and this should not be an issue for the amount of money I pay.I do not like parking services!I think carpooling is a cheap and lazy solution to the current parking/traffic issues. The university needs to restructure the entrance to campus and add more parking that isn't on the far outskirts of campus. If the school wants to increase the size, the infrastructure needs to be expanded as well, especially since more students are to be living off campus so more can be accepted to live on campus. This results in more cars entering and leaving and more cars parking on campus. It should be looked to build upwards(parking garage) central to campus rather than flat lots which take up a lot more space and would have to be far away from the center of campus.create a parking garageBuild a high rise parking garageI would be more likely to take the bus more often if it was more often on time and not as crowded. I cannot risk missing class due to a bus coming late or not showing up at all, therefore driving is the only possible option.We need more parking! Many people will not be willing to carpool with strangers.Wouldn't be interested in carpooling, build more parking lots or don't oversell parking passeswe need more spotsnoIt's ridiculous that we are expected to pay such a high price for a parking permit yet parking spots are limited. There is a set limit of spots obviously, and parking services should take that into account before granting parking permits to everyone.It is not fair that we pay so much for parking and we aren't even guaranteed a parking spot. Something needs to change!It's ridiculous that I pay $150 for a parking fee and can never find a good parking spot. I get to campus around 9:30 which is not even that late and already am forced to park in the back of M Lot. Sometimes when I come later in the day there are literally no spots, and I've spent days driving around for half an hour before I find a spot.Off campus students that do not live downtown do not get the opportunity to carpool or use public transportation. It would be easier to ask those that do to carpoolThere needs to be more parking and closer parking for those of us that commute from outside of Binghamton. Parking is near impossible some days and as a commute from an hour away, parking is very crucial to me. I don't have a choice to take public transportation or car pool, considering I live further away. There should be far commuter spots closer to campus instead of metered parking that a lot of students never use.I don't think that pairing people randomly for carpooling would be successful. Personally, I change my time I come to campus frequently because sometimes I have meetings or other obligations that require me to come in earlier/later at last minutes notice.The problem is more so that the parking spots found are far away from where we need to go on campus. Even if you car pooled, the passengers (if they have any decency) will walk with you wherever you park. But, this doesn't fix the problem of parking far away from class.The twenty vehicle program is great, but those likely arrive on campus by 6:30-7am. This means that even students with 8:30 classes never have a chance to participate. Additionally, students who can more easily get on campus through side entracnes would have to make their commute longer to get to the information booth.Car pooling doesn't work for those who have busy schedulesMaybe sort by student living situation. Partner kids from Ulofts with other kids from ulofts, partner kids from 20 hawley with other kids from hawleyTraffic light outside of main entrance is not long enough, which increases congestion. Side entrance is the same but takes much longer to change green which is why it is not often usedThat promotion is underwhelming at bestThank you for doing thisNo places to park sometimesA carpool sign-up service similar to housing sign-ups could a very efficient and popular way of doing thisLOCAL COMMUTER LOT NEEDEDNoMy schedule is too unpredictable to be reliable or dependable for othersThe first 20 car incentive thing is ridiculous and nowhere near effective enough or comprehensive enough to make any difference. You really need to fix the parking issue and the only way is o either build new parking structures or restrict who can have cars on campus to juniors and seniors. It's really ridiculous to pay $140 and not have a place to parkThe average parking time varies depending on time of day. I get to campus arounf 8am every day, even if I have classes that start after 10am, because the parking situation is ridiculous. If I were to get to campus after 9am, it takes me 10 minutes to find parking. I am also dissatisfied with the disrespect that many people show towards others' cars, and have had my car damaged numerous times as a result. As such, I'm extremely picky with parking and make an effort to keep people away from me. There are people who drive to this campus who shouldn't have a license at all.Is the previous statement a real thing?Add more parking closer to lecture hallThe parking incentive offered doesnt make sense. Most people bite the bullet and by the yearly pass anyways and 20 people for a campus this size is marginal.The population of this university is going to rise to 20,000 students total in 4 years. A vast majority of these students will be graduate students, who primarily live off campus. None of the solutions offered here will solve the parking problem come that time. More parking needs to be constructed and there is no way around it.Make more parking spots insteadParking is the worst part of my day.NoThat incentive takes too much "work" on the part of the students. Make it al vehicles not just 20 or pick a new system altogether. The issue here isn't carpooling, it's the lack of parking spots that aren't insanely far from campus. Even by the event center gets filled by 11The campus parking is terrible. Also people often hit other cars and are not careful.Get more parkings spots...I would be much more willing to try carpooling if that means not having to purchase a campus parking passMake a parking garageCar pooling is for poor peoplethat isn't a good enough incentive. i think coordinating a ride share system is a great ideanoHaving to park far away is not a big deal, people just need to be less lazy and leave for campus a few minutes earlier. So what if its a bit of a walk? Students make such a big deal out of nothing!A parking incentive for only 20 cars has a negligible effect and is not advertised well. I would drive people every day for a better parking space. Maybe just don't let sophomores keep their cars on campus...I was personally involved in creating the Enactus Carpooling Initiative during the 2014-2015 school year (which is the same exact program you are now offering). We utilized main perk of being able to park in the Paid Lot for free for the day and found limited success. The main issue we ran into was participants having three or more students in their car. While we tried to bring the number down to two, Susan Crane would not allow it. I believe that no matter how many perks/incentives you offer ultimately this program will not be successful unless the limit is lowered to two occupants of each car. It is very difficult to gather a group of 3 students together on a consistent basis.the incentive is not effective - we need to take systemic steps to overhaul the parking rules and regulationsParking is TERRIBLE!!!! Please accomodate the growing student population with more parking spots!Living so far away, carpooling is only going to be viable in the sense that I would pick someone up, the other way around would not be likely to be practical.How do you know how many available free parking spots are available for carpoolers?Carpooling is inconvenient, make more spotsWe need more parking lots on campus if theirs going to be a continual increase in the population, regardless of carpooling.Hold an open forum on driving so students can voice their concernsthis parking incentive is unfair to transfer students who do not know three or more students that live off campusThe cost of an on campus parking pass in relation to parking availability and convenience is absurd and needs to be changed.Fuck carpooling, I just want to drive aloneHow to implement such a program using people you already know, rather than strangers. People you live with are by far the first choice.The way to fix the problem isn't these surveys. There's clearly not enough parking so we need more lots or garagesMonetary incentives will increase carpooling.Parking and commuting is very difficult if you live at home in a residential area as opposed to downtown. I don't have the option to take a blue bus. I need a parking spot in order to go to class.I work frequently after work, so I will probably never carpool.Limit parking for on-campus students. Increase the cost of parking. Fucking fix it.no20 cars/day = uselessly smallYour incentive sucks. Lots close to the library should be open 24/7.It is unrealistic because many people commute between work and school, which means that they cannot car pool. More spots need to be created. There is no reason that I should be missing class because I can't find a spot. If this school plans to continue expanding, they must make available parking to accommodate.Anything to fix the parking situation on campusThere needs to be more lots to park in/less pay to parks. Paying $140 a year to park and not having anywhere to park is ridiculous. Parking incentives for carpooling is not fair for students who are from here/don't know anyone to carpool with. Carpooling with strangers is sketchy.One of the biggest problems that I have experienced is the inability to refute tickets given by the campus police. I received a registration ticket (for lack thereof). It was a brand new car and the temporary registration expired while my up to date registration was simply sitting at home (2hours away). In the real world I could have explained this in court and the ticket would have been dropped. In the campus world you just give tickets with no ability to contest. If you have the authority to ticket people than we should have the basic constitutional right to refute. I was told directly by a parking service employee that if I appealed the ticket it would be denied and I would not be granted an audience to discuss the matter.I have a vehicle that only holds a max of two extra passangers since it is a single cab truck. This doesn't allow me to qualify for the incentive.Make more parking lots its not enoughI would carpool for money in returnI'm confused as to how you are going to get people to do this, but I am open to see how it goes.I dont understand why a parking pass for the year is so expensive. There are no lots which are only for commuters/residents/staff which could help, also i think its unfair that after buying a parking pass i need to drive around for over 15 minutes to find a spot.More good parking spots plsThere shouldn't be paid parking when all cars pay for a parking pass, and there is empty space to park. Metered parking should be banned from campus, as well as paying for a parking garageIf you are trying to find a parking spot between 1pm-3pm you realize right away that this campus simply doesn't have enough parking spots to accommodate the growing campus population.I don't want to ride in the car with strangers and have to worry about people other than me when it comes to getting to class on time. I am stressed out about enough things at this point and I don't need to add 4 more people to the list.Good luck with thatI believe parking should be free, or that the cost of parking permits and tickets should be significantly reduced.Pls fix parkingParking services is too strict on students who have no income. College is a learning experience and students shouldn't go broke over mistakes. Guide the students dont take advantage of themHaving people randomly paired up with other Binghamton students they may not know poses a possible safety risk and incredible discomfort. Maybe set up a meeting so that people can become familiar before potentially being thrown in an uncomfortable/unsafe situationhow about make your spaces larger so people don't side swipe my car. Also stop lights would be nice too because apparently people from New Jersey don't know what a stop sign indicates. Thanks for making me pay a large sum of money to have my car be damaged multiple times.Insufficient parking near the educational buildings. Often I have to park in the overflow lot of the M lot and it is very far from classes. Not well lit enough, I do not feel safe up there alone at night.Many students don't live near or around other students. BCC and OCT really only serves those students living downtown. Most students have varying unpredictable schedules that differ daily. Carpooling therefore is not convenient and will be the deciding factor in participation.we need more spotsI have never had an issue on main campus. As a CCPA student however the lot is always full unless I am here early each morning. I have arranged my schedule so that I am here early to get a spot. Because of my home location, carpooling wouldn't be effective option unless I was to drive into town and meet someone there which then why would I waste that time? More parking needs to be allocated downtown or an agreement worked out with the city for free street parking for students with university decals.I believe local commuters are not taken care of on this campus. You cater to the spoiled rotten city brats who are here on mommy and daddy's credit card. I pay the same as they do and feel like I'm not getting my money's worthtell people you have a parking incentive set up!Binghamton needs to build more parking garages/lots closer to classes due to the weather we usually face here.Improve the current parking incentive by returning $$ from the purchased parking pass (say up to $50) instead of garage passes. Nobody needs garage passes when they already spent $150 to park anywhere on campus. This will be a better incentive.That dealstated just above is not that great to be completely honest. Not to mention most people probably have never heard of it. Please help the university fix their parking crisis. It is totally not okay to pay $140 for a parking pass and have to drive around for 20-30 minutes in the middle of the day to find a parking spot in, usually, a very, very remote/inconvenient spot. By buying a parking pass, one should be guaranteed a parking spot on campus at all times. Thank you for your efforts in trying to better the problem we currently have.Parking at BU is a joke. Complete and utter joke. Highway robbery, if you will.UDC parking is far worse than on-campus parkingBinghamton should consider the construction of an additional lot due to the sheer volume of cars and students. This is a great idea in practice but more effort should be put toward the construction of an additional lot as opposed to building additional housing or doing more renovations.Ideally we'd have a parking garage instead of the hideous engineering buildingI feel I am likely an outlier in your research, as I am an older student (31) and don't live near the majority of other BU students. My responses are indicative of that.NoneHarambe 2016We need more parking spots, at noon students who pay for a parking pass shouldn't be parking in the paid lot b/c there are no parking spots leftTurn ZZ into a parking garagePARKING ON THIS CAMPUS SUCKS. CRUEL AND INHUMANE. PARKING SERVICES IS CORRUPT AS HELL. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT IMMEDIATELYThe solution to the parking crunch should be to increase, where feasible, the parking capacity on campus. We all paid for either semester of annual parking passes, so the car pooling incentives are actually sort of a slap in the face. Unless the incentive is a full refund of the parking passes on vehicles that won't be used for carpooling, I'm not I interested.We just need more parking spots. That's it. Or better class scheduling so not everybody is rushing to campus at the same time.More parking spotsPlease find a away to get more parking. It's not to bad in slow times (early morning/ night) but mid afternoon it's awful and I purpose avoid campus around that time. If I do have to go it take 30 minutes to find a spot in M3 and M4. I know you're trying but please don't give up or leave it at carpooling.The current incentive does not appeal to me because I will not know until I arrive whether or not my vehicle is one of the first twenty for that day. Therefore I need to leave just as much time for parking as I normally would.The parking sucksNoHopefully this will catch on!If I'm carpooling for BUs advantage than I would hope to earn the free parking pass regardless of whether or not I am within the first 20. Limiting this to the booth will bottleneck traffic while everyone tries to get to the booth for their pass, only to find they aren't eligible. Also, how would you know that the occupants of the carpooling car actually have their own cars back at home and that the carpool is actually saving spots? There are plenty of people living off campus using public transportation. I don't think that a carpooling incentive is a bad idea; parking on campus has become a terrible inconvenience. However, I think this process needs tweaking. Thank you for considering our comments!If there are more passes being distributed, there should be more parking garages made in order to accomodate the paying cardholders as well.Campus needs more lots and more spotsA lot of the time carpooling is not an option bc a person doesn't know people with the same schedule as them (depart/arrive times). Also some people dont like the restriction of movement + spontaneity carpooling imposes. If there was an app that had drivers say (even just 10 min before leaving)what time theyre leaving, from where + going where, and then ppl could sign up for that car + meet on campus,etc, then that might make sense.Please make another parking lot.Freshman/sohmores not allowef to park or only in certain spotsWe need more parking near popular buildings on campus (LH, EB, Science Buildings)We need more parking lotsOne of the things you did not take into account was having a job. If you have a job then it becomes a lot harder to carpool due to varying work schedules. Also, why can't we just build a parking garage where lot M is? It would solve so many issues. If the school plans to continue expanding then carpooling isn't going to solve anything in the long run. Eventually, no matter what way you look at it, the school will have to expand parking sooner or later. I shouldn't have to leave my house 40 to 50mins before my class starts when I live 10 minutes away. Also, can we please add more places that specifically say stop on the ground? I've been in so many close calls just because people go whipping around a blind corner. Maybe if it was clear who had the right away it wouldn't be such a problem.As a college student carpooling with others is inconvenient because I am from the area and I do not live where the majority of off campus students are located. Also matching up busy college kids schedules is very inconvenient but I can no longer come 30+ before my class starts to find a spot and still end up late.for the free pass it may not be a big incentive because I have already paid a huge fee for my parking pass.First I would like to say that the parking situation is so bad that at least five times in the past 3 weeks, I have had to resort to paying to park in a metered lot due to the lack of parking spots. Unless I make sure I have OVER 20 minutes between when I drive on to campus and when I need to be at my class/ appointment/ meeting, I will be unable to find a spot/ walk from my spot to my location. This is impossible to always account for due to unforeseen traffic & road conditions that my slow me down. It's either that or allocate an extra hour of my time to take the busses. As I mentioned before, it is never a guarantee that the bus that comes to my stop won't be full. More often than not the bus is full, which means I have to leave extra early so that if the first bus that comes to my stop is full, I can wait there for the next one and still not be late. Also, I would like to say that the best way to fix the parking situation on campus is to FIX THE BUS SYSTEM. NOT JUST TO OFFER CARPOOL INCENTIVES! A BUS LINE IS THE MOST EFFECTIVE CARPOOL YOU CAN IMAGINE. Nearly everyone I speak to who drives to campus does so more this year because of the increase in bus passengers but the lack of more busses to accommodate this. I find it absolutely APPALLING that despite this "20,000 by 2020" initiative, OCCT has not been able to add more busses to its fleet and that the amount of money the school gives to OCCT is NOWHERE online. This lack of transparency combined with this extreme failure to offer services that properly accommodate the student body is appalling to me. It's costing me -- and so many others -- hundreds of dollars in gas money that we cannot afford.they could make like an uber deal on campus, build a parking garage so more parking vertical and not spread out for long walks, allow spots reserved for a max of 2 hours for quick visits, have a parking spot digital counter that some parking garages have to indicate if theres spots, discounts for having to park further outIncentives need to be higherJust add more lotsNot practical for me because my schedule is irregular due to work and the distance I need to travel.The current carpool initiative is awful. Only 20 cars? Why not we have commuter lots??I cant carpool because I always work before/after, its unrealistic with everyones busy livesMake more parking we won't have this issuenoHard to find 3 people with same schedule, especially upper class men.The garage pass is a joke, as well as the parking fees. Binghamton University doesn't want to change parking because it would have to come up with a new way to fleece students. This isn't Ithaca, you have land to spare.There needs to be more parking on campus. By purchasing a $140 parking pass, that is guarunteeing me a spot. However, it is ridiculous to have us pay that much money when half the time I have to pay for a meter, park off campus and walk or go back home because I can't find parking on campus. It is a serious issue that needs to be addressed.Build more parking lots pleaseThere should be no need for carpooling. If I am paying for a parking pass I expect there to be open spots and sometimes there are not. If a school wishes to expand the amount of students they accept, measures such as creating more parking spots should be put into place.The parking incentive is stupid. We still have to pay the 140 fee to park on campuS all year round, this just guarantees you a closer spot without being ticketed